# About MakeTechEz
MakeTechEz is a place **to know, to learn, and to hack Technology**. MakeTechEz caters to beginners, techies as well as technology leaders. The sole motto is to make Technology Easier to Understand and Use. Hence MakeTechEz focuses on three areas
1.	**Get On To Technology (GOT)-** This is focused on fresh engineers as well as other technology folks who want to learn different technologies ranging from Programming Languages to Mobile Programming to Web and Server Programming. Each Series consists of up to 18 Steps with lot of examples to get Engineers comfortable on developing on those technologies. The GOT Series is intended to learn language through solving many real world yet simple practice programs then theory. Every concept is introduced through Practice Programs.
2.	**Get To Know Technology (GK) -** This is focused on knowing and getting introduced to different technologies in a quick and an easy manner. The blogs are useful for Technology Leaders to Software Architects to Software Product and Project Managers to build quick understanding of different technologies. The areas covered in this blogs are Enterprise Application - BPM, CRM, ERP, etc., Enterprise Architecture - Architecture Patterns, Designs Patterns, Performance, Security, Delivery, etc. and Enterprise Technologies.
3.	**Get Programs (HACK) -** Here the blogs are focused on hacking well-curated libraries and software programs with source code that can be ported into developer’s environment.